README.md, before:

# Salesforce DX Project: Next Steps

Now that you’ve created a Salesforce DX project, what’s next? Here are some documentation resources to get you started.

## How Do You Plan to Deploy Your Changes?

Do you want to deploy a set of changes, or create a self-contained application? Choose a [development model](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/user-guide/development-models).

## Configure Your Salesforce DX Project

The `sfdx-project.json` file contains useful configuration information for your project. See [Salesforce DX Project Configuration](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_dev.meta/sfdx_dev/sfdx_dev_ws_config.htm) in the _Salesforce DX Developer Guide_ for details about this file.

## Read All About It

- [Salesforce Extensions Documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/)
- [Salesforce CLI Setup Guide](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_setup.meta/sfdx_setup/sfdx_setup_intro.htm)
- [Salesforce DX Developer Guide](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_dev.meta/sfdx_dev/sfdx_dev_intro.htm)
- [Salesforce CLI Command Reference](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_cli_reference.meta/sfdx_cli_reference/cli_reference.htm)

Commit message:

last changes in the apex trigger handler

README.md, after:

# Salesforce Project: Illumina Salesforce Interview Coding Challenge

This project includes the following key components:

	•	4 Apex Classes: Backend logic that supports the business functionality.
	•	1 Flow: Automates processes and orchestrates the interactions between objects and components.
	•	3 Lightning Web Components (LWCs): Frontend components that deliver a dynamic user experience.

Each of these elements works together to achieve the challenge’s requirements.

## How Do You Plan to Deploy Your Changes?

Do you want to deploy a set of changes, or create a self-contained application? Choose a [development model](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/user-guide/development-models).

## Configure Your Salesforce DX Project

The `sfdx-project.json` file contains useful configuration information for your project. See [Salesforce DX Project Configuration](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_dev.meta/sfdx_dev/sfdx_dev_ws_config.htm) in the _Salesforce DX Developer Guide_ for details about this file.

## Read All About It

- [Salesforce Extensions Documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/)
- [Salesforce CLI Setup Guide](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_setup.meta/sfdx_setup/sfdx_setup_intro.htm)
- [Salesforce DX Developer Guide](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_dev.meta/sfdx_dev/sfdx_dev_intro.htm)
- [Salesforce CLI Command Reference](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_cli_reference.meta/sfdx_cli_reference/cli_reference.htm)
